[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
ZERO GRAVITY
-[boy 1] Okay, pass it!
-[boy 2] There you go!
[Jim] Come on, guys, you haven't even
worked up a sweat. Let's go, go, go!
[students grunting]
[boy 3] One, two, one, two...
Ready.
[whistle blowing]
[Ulrich grunts]
[ball whooshing]
[goalie grunts]
[groans]
-[Ulrich] Yeah!
-[goalie grunts]
Hmm?
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[goalie groans]
-[goalie grunts]
[ball whooshing]
Oh, yeah!
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[goalie groans]
-[thud]
-[goalie grunts]
Hmm.
Huh? Hmm.
[goalie growls]
[Ulrich grunts]
-[goalie gasps]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[clank]
[everyone clapping and cheering]
Okay, guys. Good warm-up session.
Play like that and you'll whip
Lincoln Junior High
with no problem in this afternoon's final.
I'll see you all at the stadium
after lunch for a final briefing,
and always remember:
a soccer team is like an army.
It needs a good general
who can lead it, right?
And now, break ranks!
[Jim laughing]
Hey, Ulrich...
Working out to stay in shape?
Listen kid, I'm gonna be honest with you.
You're my key to winning
this afternoon's game.
I know we've got a good team,
but Lincoln's got
this striker whose name is Matt.
He's nasty, I know,
but don't worry, Jim.
I won't disappoint you.
I'm counting on you, kid.
We're gonna pulverize them! Massacre 'em!
Make mincemeat outta them and gobble
'em up and spit 'em out, baby!
Hey there, champion.
If Lincoln never gets the ball,
-we'll be bored out there.
-Nice of you to come.
We were here this morning,
and we'll be here this afternoon.
Not for you, of course.
We can't wait to see Sissi cheerleading.
That's why we're coming.
-[marching band music]
-One, two, three, four!
Come on team, give us more!
Five, six, seven, eight!
Lincoln, we're gonna seal your fate!
[Sissi whoops] Ta-da!
Huh?
-Oh!
-[baton whooshing]
[ping]
[electricity buzzing]
[theme music]
[footsteps]
-[tense music]
-[lights crackling]
[grunts]
[yelping]
[lights crackling]
[yelps]
-[tense music]
-Hmm?
[electricity buzzing]
Yes, it disappeared, I tell you!
It never came down!
It just... just flew away!
Yeah, sure, it's up in the sky
somewhere, right?
Or maybe it came down and landed
on someone's head.
-[girl 1] Ciao.
-[Sissi] But it's true! I tell you,
I swear, my baton disappeared
into thin air!
We believe you, Sissi.
Even if, scientifically,
it's impossible... [groans]
Listen, if I say that a supernatural thing
happened to me, it's because it's true!
You hear me, knucklehead?
A baton that flies up has to come down,
and if it doesn't there's something wrong!
Something seriously wrong
and I wanna know exactly what it is!
-[Ulrich] Huh?
-[Odd] Hmm.
[theme music]
[birds chirping]
[girl 2] Look,
it's the mysterious baton twirler!
Hey Sissi, eat your steak and French fries
fast before they fly away.
-[girls laughing]
-[tense music]
Uh-oh.
[both in unison] We've gotta talk,
right now!
Yes, Jeremy, I've spotted an activated
tower in the mountain region.
Why? Have you noticed
anything strange going on in your world?
Just the usual things...
Batons that fly into the air
and don't come back,
-and Yumi who's suddenly airborne.
-It was weird!
Lights started to blink,
and a second later, I was floating.
-I couldn't believe it.
-A break in gravity
causing spontaneous
and localized weightlessness.
What's the connection between electricity
and weightlessness?
The magnetic field.
It could be the effect of a powerful
electromagnet XANA's using to offset
the magnetic attraction of Earth. You see?
How dangerous is it?
It's not, if it's within
the limits of space and time.
But on a larger scale,
look what happened to Sissi.
Her baton never came back.
[whooshing]
[Yumi] We can't afford to take the risk.
We have to go to Lyoko
and deactivate the tower.
-[Ulrich] Well, count me out.
-Hmm?
-[tense music]
-Huh? You gotta be kidding.
No. I said count me out.
I'll go after the game.
You're gonna abandon the ship...
for a soccer game?
I don't believe it!
Wake up Ulrich. This is about
saving the world,
not to mention Aelita who's
surely in danger.
You'd rather kick a ball around?
You heard what I said.
I can't go and that's that. Okay?
Somebody say something, will you?
He's dropping us like a smelly sock!
Look, I'm really sorry.
That's all you can say? "You're sorry"?
You'd rather please the crowd, huh?
All those admiring fans
are more important than your friends!
Leave him alone. He's got his reasons.
His parents are coming to
the game this afternoon.
Have you ever met Ulrich's dad?
You're not first in everything,
you're nothing in his book.
And since Ulrich's
report cards
are kind of disastrous,
the only way to make his dad happy is...
When he plays soccer.
Yeah, exactly.
That's why he's been training
so hard for weeks now.
He's gonna play today's game
as if his life depended on it.
Hmm.
[footsteps]
[theme music]
Why couldn't he have just told us
the reason?
Ulrich, give away a secret?
Anyway, why worry?
Ulrich is gonna win the game,
and in the meantime,
we're gonna save the world.
We just have to do without him this time.
And besides, you've got me, don't you?
[both chuckle]
[clock ticking loudly]
[Jim] All right guys, the big day is here!
Huh?
[Odd grunts]
[Odd panting]
[Odd] Yeah!
[Yumi grunts]
Testing, one, two. Here we go.
Hello everyone. This is Milly and Tamiya
reporting to you live from the stadium.
It's a big day today.
The ninth grade interschool final
is about to begin.
Although our school is favored to win,
a lot will depend on Kadic's striker,
our own Ulrich.
We're really counting on him today.
And now everybody, it's soccer time!
[elevator whirring]
[whistle blows]
[player 1 grunts]
[Ulrich panting] Come on!
[player 2 pants and grunts]
-[grunt]
-[whooshing]
[Jeremy] Aelita, do you read me? Aelita!
[Aelita] I'm here, Jeremy.
Aelita, it's XANA, he's attacking.
He's trying to take over the city's
electrical network.
But why?
[Jeremy] I don't know,
but I'm gonna try to find out.
I'll get the spy program started.
[computer bleeping]
With a data flow so dense,
there ought to be traces on the network.
[computer bleeping]
[Jeremy] Bingo! That's XANA all right.
Heavy and predictable.
[crowd cheering]
[Ulrich panting and grunting]
[player 4 grunting and panting]
[both grunt]
[Matt grunts]
[Milly] Incredible!
We knew Ulrich was in great form,
but what he's showing us today is beyond
even our wildest dreams!
[Ulrich grunting and howling]
-[goalie groans]
-[crowd cheering]
[Milly] A fantastic goal,
and the Kadic team makes it one to nothing
after only three minutes of play.
Lincoln's going to have to find a way
to stop Ulrich if they're going
to win this game.
Heavy, but very fast.
We don't have much time. Ready to go?
[Odd] No problemo!
We've gotta hurry up because if we don't,
XANA will be able to create
much more powerful magnetic fields.
Transfer Yumi!
Transfer Odd!
Scanner Yumi!
[computer bleeping]
[Jeremy] Scanner Odd!
Virtualization!
[zooming]
[crackling]
-[both grunt]
-[Jeremy] The tower is at 30 degrees west.
Hurry up, huh?
I see it, Jeremy.
Over here!
[crowd cheering]
[goalie groans]
Hmm.
[boy in crowd] Kadic! Kadic! Kadic!
There's no stopping Ulrich.
He's amazing to watch.
It's two nothing, and the score may
get out of hand if Ulrich keeps this up!
He's so handsome when he runs.
[Ulrich panting]
Well, thanks Tamiya for that
expert commentary on the game!
[theme music]
[computer bleeping]
[Jeremy] Oh, no.
He's ready to attack the school!
Now I understand.
[Odd] Fill us in, Einstein.
If not for today with Yumi and Sissi,
we'd have all gone to the game,
and that's where XANA wanted to trap us,
because it was his plan,
to concentrate all of the energy
on the science lab.
And if we don't make it fast,
there's a good chance
Ulrich's gonna finish the game
outside of the stratosphere!
[Yumi grunts]
No monsters for the time being,
but we're still far from the tower.
[sighs] This is awful.
I've gotta find a way to gain some time.
[buzzing and crackling]
[computer bleeping]
You asked for it, XANA.
I can hack a network.
You're not the only one.
Go on now! Stop Matt! He's getting away!
[Matt panting]
-[all panting]
-[Matt grunts]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Matt gasps]
[Milly] Fantastic! Ulrich's as good
on defense as he is on the attack.
Go Ulrich, go, go!
[Aelita panting]
[footsteps running]
This program will help me counter
XANA's attacks on the science lab.
[computer bleeping]
[Jeremy gasps] Ulrich, do you copy?
[Milly] That's the end of the first half.
Kadic has a commanding two nothing lead.
Let's see if we can get
some comments first hand!
Ulrich, I imagine you're confident after
dominating Lincoln the past 45 minutes.
-What do you think?
-Uh, Lincoln's in the finals.
That means they're a good team.
In the words of our coach, Jim,
it's our motivation that'll make us
winners, and I honestly think...
I've gotta go now.
Talk to you after the game.
I'd better relax a bit
before the second half
and see what Jim has to...
[phone ringing]
[Jeremy] Answer your phone Ulrich, please!
-[Ulrich] What do you want?
-Ulrich, I've been trying to reach you
for a quarter of an hour.
I can't play with a cell phone
in my hand, sorry!
[Jeremy] Listen, I know about...
Well, Odd told me why this match
is so important to you, but there's
an enormous and serious problem.
I can't go into all the details,
there's not enough time,
but XANA's gonna
put the school into orbit!
-What was that?
-[Jeremy] It's true, I swear.
-He doesn't have enough power yet...
-But...
[Jeremy] He'll get it from
the science lab's generator.
You've gotta make sure
nobody is in the building.
-Hey, Ulrich! Second half's starting.
-Be right there.
-No problem. Everyone's at the game.
-[Jeremy] Are you sure?
[Ulrich panting]
[crowd cheering]
-Mrs. Hertz isn't here!
-[Jeremy] Oh, no!
She's probably in the chemistry lab!
You've gotta go get her out.
[crowd cheering]
[fluid trickling]
[buzzing]
[Ulrich groans]
[Jeremy sighs]
[whistle blows]
[Jeremy] Ulrich!
Don't ask me to do that.
Jeremy, anything, but not that!
-[Ulrich grunts]
-Oh! What's wrong? What's wrong?
[Jeremy] Look, I'm sorry, Ulrich.
You've gotta leave the game.
You're the only one who can do it.
You've gotta save her!
[Milly] Oh, everyone is numb!
The crowd including yours truly
simply doesn't understand.
Why has Ulrich just stopped?
[Tamiya] It must be the pressure.
[crowd gasps]
[Jim grunts]
-[Ms. Stern moans]
-[Mr. Stern] Hmm.
[Jeremy] It's a matter of life and death,
Ulrich!
[Mrs. Hertz groans]
[Ulrich groans]
[player 2 grunts]
-[Matt grunts]
-[crowd gasps disappointed]
It's unbelievable!
The Lincoln team has
just cut our lead in half.
Matt can't believe
that Ulrich let him score!
-[Jeremy] Ulrich...
-Please shut up, Jeremy. Just shut up.
[computer bleeps]
-[Matt panting]
-[Ulrich] I'm gonna stop you!
[Matt] We'll see about that!
-[Ulrich yells]
-[crowd gasps]
No, it can't be!
What awful luck for the Kadic team!
Ulrich looks hurt after that violent
tackle by Matt.
Hey, come on! I didn't even touch him.
Yes, it's true!
[Ulrich groaning]
[Jim] Ulrich! Oh, no,
I don't believe it. You can't do this!
Leave me alone, Jim.
[Milly] Oh wow, absolutely incredible!
Our superstar striker is leaving
the field with a knee injury.
Our one irreplaceable player
is out of the game.
[Sissi thinking] I don't believe it for
a minute, and I'm gonna check this out!
I'm leaving as well. Tell me everything
that happened while I'm gone.
Sissi, you're a cheerleader.
There's not gonna be
a lot of cheering without Ulrich,
and if we do score a goal,
you can replace me.
The crowd will love it.
Just dance your head off.
[Ulrich sighs frustrated]
[theme music]
Jeremy, objective in sight.
The welcome committee looks manageable.
I'll take care of them in no time at all.
Okay, I should be able to neutralize XANA,
but only for a few minutes.
So you've gotta work fast.
We've gotta move.
Ten seconds to attack time.
[Odd] Okay, Yumi, go!
[hornets buzzing]
-[Odd and Yumi panting]
-[lasers blasting]
[hornets buzzing]
[Odd and Yumi panting and grunting]
[whirring]
[Yumi grunts]
[hornet buzzing]
[Odd and Yumi groan]
Pretty sharp mosquitos.
Since when did they grow brains?
[Yumi pants] But there's only one left.
[Jeremy] Negative.
A new swarm of hornets is on the way.
Okay, change of tactics.
This time we'll try diversion.
[Jeremy] Odd, I've reloaded 20 arrows
for you, but that may not be enough.
-[lasers blasting]
-Laser arrow!
[Odd grunts]
[Odd yelps]
[Aelita gasps]
[Odd] Your turn, Yumi.
[Yumi groaning]
[Odd gasps]
Laser arrow!
[lasers blasting]
[Odd] They just keep coming.
There's no end to them!
[Aelita whimpers]
-[Ulrich] Jeremy? I just left the stadium.
-[Jeremy groans]
[sighs] Thanks, Ulrich.
What you're doing is...
Yeah, I know.
I'm on my way to the chemistry lab.
[panting]
Oh?
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita gasps]
[Odd] What do we do now?
[Yumi] The best defense
is an offense, right?
Right, but it depends
on the number of enemies.
[Jeremy] It's okay, Ulrich.
I made my own electric field
to create a short circuit.
But XANA is bound
to get ahead of me soon.
So be very careful.
I dunno how long it's gonna last.
I just walked in.
There's nothing happening.
[electricity buzzing]
Huh?
-Whoa!
-[Mrs. Hertz grunts]
[Ulrich yells]
[Sissi gasps]
Looks like I spoke too soon.
[electricity buzzing]
Whoa!
-[Mrs. Hertz groans]
-[glass shatters]
You have to hang on
for just a few seconds.
As soon as you've secured Mrs. Hertz,
I can move into action.
You've gotta hang on now so
Aelita can get through.
-[Odd grunts]
-[Jeremy] Yumi, Odd, are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, we're cool.
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd grunting]
[Yumi groans]
[Ulrich panting]
[electricity buzzing]
[Ulrich groans and yells]
-[door creaks]
-[Ulrich groans]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[electricity buzzing]
Jeremy, it's okay. I've got Mrs. Hertz.
Go on, do your stuff.
[Jeremy] Here we go.
The reverse circuit is working.
-Oh!
-[electricity buzzing]
Ulrich?
I'm sorry to be so familiar with you,
Mrs. Hertz.
Yoo-hoo, Ulrich?
[electricity buzzing]
Jeremy, what's happening?
[Jeremy] I dunno.
Everything's become
impossible to control. Be careful!
[Ulrich screams and grunts]
Ulrich, where are you?
[Sissi screaming in the distance]
[Ulrich grunts] I've got you!
[Sissi whimpers]
Ulrich, what's happening? What's going on?
[Ulrich] It's too complicated.
Jeremy, where are you at now?
-Okay, I'm back in control.
-[Ulrich] Ready.
[Jeremy] It's gonna rock!
-[glass shatters]
-[Sissi and Ulrich yell]
Hey, do me a favor, Jeremy?
Tell me it's gonna calm down.
Not for the time being.
It may get worse,
so hang on tight any way you can!
Odd, Yumi, what's happening?
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd] It's horrible.
I'm almost out of arrows.
The telekinesis has exhausted Yumi,
and the more hornets I kill,
the more there are!
Here I go.
[Sissi] Ulrich, do you mind telling me
what's going on?
Yeah, I do mind, so keep quiet!
-[rumbling]
-Hey Jeremy, what's that sound?
I... I don't know.
-[computer beeping]
-[tense music]
No! XANA has managed to take
over 50 power stations!
Ulrich, whatever you do,
don't leave the building!
You understand? Stay inside!
-[rumbling]
-[tense music]
[crowd chatter]
[theme music]
[Aelita panting and gasping]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[lasers blasting]
[grunts] Hang in there, Yumi.
We're almost there.
[Yumi groaning]
No, not now! Concentrate!
Give us just a few more seconds.
[Yumi groaning]
[Yumi groans]
I can't do it, Odd. I'm sorry.
[Odd gasps and sighs]
Aelita, it's too soon!
[ethereal music]
[Milly] Well, Matt has a chance
to tie the score with this penalty shot.
[whistle blows]
[Matt grunts] Whoa!
[goalie groans]
The stadium!
[Ulrich screams]
[everyone screaming]
[Odd] Hey Aelita, you're crazy!
[hornets buzzing]
[lasers blasting]
Ulrich, what are you doing?
[yelps]
-[glass shatters]
-[Ulrich grunts]
Oh, no, no, no!
[Odd] I don't believe this!
-[lasers blasting]
-[Aelita utters soft sound]
[everyone screaming]
[Mr. and Ms. Stern groaning]
-[Ulrich grunting]
-[Mr. Stern groaning]
-[laser blasts]
-[thud]
[Aelita gasps]
[Aelita screams]
[both] No!
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy] Aelita!
[Odd whimpers]
[Aelita] As soon as you're done crying,
just let me know.
[both] Huh?
Aelita! Oh, no!
-[Yumi gasps] You were just luring them.
-Of course!
Aelita, you are the greatest!
[glass shattering]
[Mr. Stern groaning]
[Mr. Stern grunts]
-[Mr. Stern] Ulrich?
-[Ulrich straining]
[everyone panting]
[Aelita panting]
[zooming]
[gasps]
[both straining]
Good-bye Ulrich.
I'm proud of you. Really, I am.
[ethereal music]
[Ulrich straining]
No!
[Mr. and Ms. Stern screaming]
[zooming and beeping]
[Ulrich screaming]
-[powering down]
-[whooshing]
[zooming]
Return to the past. Now!
[Ulrich screaming]
[Milly] It's a big day today!
The ninth grade interschool final
is about to begin.
Although our school is favored to win,
a lot will depend on Kadic's striker,
our own Ulrich.
We're counting on him today!
Let's rock, Ulrich!
Come on, world champion!
Well yeah, but which world?
Why both of them, Jeremy, both of them!
[whistle blows]
[players grunting]
[theme music]